gorm-multitenancy
Copyright 2023 Bart Venter <bartventer@outlook.com>

=========================================================================
Additional Notices for Open Source Software
=========================================================================

This product includes software developed by third parties.

1. github.com/docker/docker
   License: MPL-2.0, GPL-2.0-only, GPL-2.0-or-later
   Note: This software is used solely as an internal utility for testing and does not integrate with the API published to end users. The GPL-2.0-only and GPL-2.0-or-later licensed parts are ignored based on our licensing policy, as they are distributed and run as completely separate processes & packages.

2. github.com/containerd/containerd
   License: MPL-2.0
   Note: Ignored based on our licensing policy, as it is solely used as an internal utility for testing and does not integrate with the API published to end users.

3. github.com/shoenig/go-m1cpu
   License: MPL-2.0
   Note: Ignored based on our licensing policy, as it is solely used as an internal utility for testing and does not integrate with the API published to end users.

4. github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim
   License: MPL-2.0
   Note: Ignored based on our licensing policy, as it is solely used as an internal utility for testing and does not integrate with the API published to end users.

5. github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql
   License: MPL-2.0
   Note: Only used indirectly; no changes made to go-sql-driver/mysql source code. Notice requirements are followed.

6. github.com/go-gorm/gorm
   License: MIT
   Note: GORM is extensively used in this project. The MIT License text is included below to comply with the terms of the license.

7. github.com/go-gorm/postgres
   License: MIT
   Note: The GORM postgres driver is used directly in this project. The MIT License text is included below to comply with the terms of the license.

8. github.com/go-gorm/mysql
   License: MIT
   Note: The GORM mysq driver is used directly in this project. The MIT License text is included below to comply with the terms of the license.

9. github.com/labstack/echo
   License: MIT
   Note: Echo is used in this project. The MIT License text is included below to comply with the terms of the license.

=========================================================================
MIT License for github.com/go-gorm/gorm
=========================================================================

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013-NOW  Jinzhu <wosmvp@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


=========================================================================
MIT License for github.com/go-gorm/postgres
=========================================================================

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013-NOW  Jinzhu <wosmvp@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

=========================================================================
MIT License for github.com/go-gorm/mysql
=========================================================================

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013-NOW  Jinzhu <wosmvp@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

=========================================================================
MIT License for github.com/labstack/echo
=========================================================================

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2021 LabStack

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

=========================================================================